Add release notes for pika 0.21.0 (#883)
pika-org/pika: CHANGELOG.md

<!--- Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0. (See accompanying -->
<!--- file LICENSE_1_0.txt or copy at http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt) -->

## 0.21.0 (2023-12-06)

### New features

- A new sender adaptor `require_started` allows to detect unstarted senders. ([#869](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/869))
- The conversion from `any_sender` to `unique_any_sender` has been optimized, reusing the same
  storage. ([#844](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/844))

> - Limit the number of streams created in `cuda_pool`. ([#864](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/864))

Reviewer: Same comment here about style: maybe something in the direction of "The number of streams created by the `cuda_pool` is now proportional to the number of threads used by the runtime instead of `hardware_concurrency`"?

### Breaking changes

> - Some runtime initialization functions `pika::start` and `pika::finalize` now return `void`. ([#825](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/825))

Reviewer: Some word is missing from this sentence. Maybe:
```suggestion
- `pika::start` and `pika::finalize` now return `void`. Most runtime management functions no longer take an `error_code` and always throw an exception on failure. ([#825](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/825))
```
?

### Bugfixes

> - One lifetime bug in split has been fixed. ([#839](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/839))
> - Fixes spinlock deadlock detection when suspension is disabled in `yield_while`. ([#856](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/856))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One lifetime bug in `split` has been fixed. ([#839](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/839))
- Fixes spinlock deadlock detection when suspension is disabled in `yield_while`. ([#856](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/856))
```

Could you reword the second point to be similar in style to the other points as well? Something in the direction of "`yield_while` now blah...`.
